CI 781xx relnotes per DOC-2423 (#287)
harness/developer-hub: release-notes/continuous-integration.md

Harness deploys updates progressively to different Harness SaaS clusters. You can identify the cluster hosting your account in your Account Overview page. The features and fixes in the release notes may not be available in your cluster immediately.
:::

> ## January 5, 2023, version 78100

Reviewer: 78100 is not the final version number. We will get the final version number from QA after the release sign-off on January 10th or 11th.

### What's new

No new features are available in this release.

### Early access features

No early access features are available for this release.

### Fixed issues

* Fixed an issue in the onboarding UI. In some cases, the web UI did not connect with the specified git account immediately after OAuth setup. (CI-6518)

* You can now use codebase fields as expressions. Previously, when the codebase repository name was defined by `<+pipeline.name>`, the built-in variables `<+codebase.branch>` and `<+codebase.commitSha>` returned null. (CI-6478, ZD-38122, ZD-38241)

* Fixed an issue that prevented Azure connectors from connecting to repos with URLs that contained spaces or `%20`. (CI-6465)

> * Fixed an issue where CI reports an upload to an S3 as successful even if the upload failed. (CI-6420, ZD-37931)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed an issue where CI reported an upload to an S3 as successful even if the upload failed. (CI-6420, ZD-37931)
```

Reviewer 2: * Fixed an issue where CI reported an upload to a S3 bucket as successful even if the upload failed. (CI-6420, ZD-37931)

> * Fixed an issue in the onboarding UI where the Select Your Repository progress bar was incorrect. (CI-6335)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed an issue in the onboarding UI where the **Select Your Repository** progress bar was incorrect. (CI-6335)
```

> * Fixed an issue where a build does not run when a user clicks Run in the Pipeline Editor UI. To run the build, the user needed to go to the YAML editor, save, and then run. (CI-6239)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed an issue where a build did not run when a user selected **Run** in the **Pipeline Editor** UI. To run the build, the user needed to go to the YAML editor, save, and then run. (CI-6239)
```
